---
title: My Bio
author: Vince Henry
date: 2023-12-28 12:33:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, Software Engineering]
tags: [IT Consultancy]
pin: true
---

# All about me

I've been in I.T. for over 35 years, starting my career in 1989 at IBM. Before then however I was already playing with computers. The good old BBC Micro at school and BBC Basic being my first programming experience. I started out as a trainee network engineer, learning to code at college and dabbling some at work. Then after having initial success as a network engineer in a couple of organisations, there was that one fateful day where one of the lead developers asked me "can you code?" to which of course I said yes, well a little that is. He sat me down at the PC (i386 Windows 98) and Visual Studio 4-ish. 

After four weeks I had debugged and released the latest update. The next 25 years I went from junior developer to lead developer. In between still having to maintain the network as of course they did not employ anyone else to do that! I then transitioned into management, starting as a support/development manager and then working up to an engineering manager for a number of years. 
Eventually ended my full time career as the Head of Engineering.

Now I’m hoping to move into consultancy with a view of assisting businesses and business leaders to improve their IT processes. I’m also refreshing my coding skills by completing an online Full stack developer course, Javascript, HTML/CSS, REACT, C#, SQL and a load more.