---
title: My Bio
author: Vince Henry
date: 2024-03-18 12:33:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, Software Engineering]
tags: [IT Consultancy]
pin: true
---

# My Intro

With over 35 years experience in IT ranging from Network Engineer, Support Technician, Full Stack Developer and Head of Software Engineering I’m passionate about assisting businesses improve their engineering function and supporting engineers in their careers. I’ve been involved in all sizes and types of software delivery mainly within the Insurance sector and have led teams large and small. 

I believe in ‘fail fast’ delivery and removing jargon for business leaders to enable them to become more engaged with IT and understand how nurturing great engineering talent will help drive their business forward. 

In terms of my experience I am able to offer consultancy in the below areas, with a core focus on engineering delivery.

Expert advice to non-IT executives, helping to remove jargon and deeper understanding of how to work with your IT engineering team.
Advice around delivery methodologies and how they fit into your organisation.
Assist IT teams on how to approach audits and deal with governance.
Project delivery and management.
Developer career progression and support.

We all know IT delivery is complex and often frustrating for all those non-technical people involved. In the world of IT we don’t make things easy on ourselves either and as a result projects are delayed or fall short of expectation. I believe in keeping things simple and for the main part just getting things moving quickly. Many projects fail due to miscommunication with too much focus on the process of delivery rather than just delivering features to help drive a business forward. 
